Show your grace. I’ve never heard of Xiu En.
He could die soon. Not only will he not die.
Will also grow old together. Long life.
Stronger. This wallet is so expensive.
I'll give it back to him first. You go quickly.
Don't lose someone's wallet. Okay.
Please be safe on the road.
Okay. I am Mr. Shan.
It's so late, why did you ask me to come over?
Do you see it? Wear the same cheap clothes as me from now on.
Hello Mr. Sheng, husband
Wife, are you sleeping?
It's noon. You should have a good rest.
You can't sleep, let me help you
No need, wife
In the future, we will add a new job to our family
Especially this kind of dirty work
Can you just find a young man from my family to guarantee you?